			=======================
			Not-So-Bad Distribution
			=======================

This is the source release of Not-So-Bad Distribution, an Open WWW-based
Authenticating Software Distribution system.  This is free software, released
under the terms of the GNU General Public License; see the COPYING file for
details.  The home page of NSBD is
    http://www.bell-labs.com/nsbd
Up-to-date NSBD binary packages are available on multiple Unix platforms,
so check the web page first to see if your platform is supported before
compiling it.

NSBD is written primarily in TCL, and you need a TCL8.0 installation or
later to compile it.  You will also need at least "tcl2c" from the TCL
"plus patch", and you will need the entire TCL plus patch if you want to
build a standalone NSBD binary that can run on a system that does not have
TCL installed.  If you also have TK and you have not specified the
--without-tk configure option, TK will be used (without TK you lose the
nsbd -register option); if you want to build a standalone nsbd binary, you
will also need the TK plus patch.  Links to all these packages are on the
NSBD home page.

To compile NSBD on unix, go to the "unix" directory and type "configure"
and "make install".  All the standard GNU autoconf "configure" options
should work, but the only standard option that has been tested is
"--prefix" for the directory prefix to install into.  The NSBD binary is
relocatable since it is completely self-contained, but some scripts that
are useful to package maintainers are installed into a lib directory.

To use NSBD with any kind of security, you will also need PGP or GnuPG.

Most of the documentation is on the home page and in the man page.  The
same information that's available in the man page is available in the
builtin help system in the nsbd program.
